Fix crash on invalid UTF-8 bytes in NatSpec comments. ALSO fix missing `Token::Illegal` handling in switch, giving misleading error to users (#16520)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:
* Yul: Fix incorrect serialization of Yul object names containing double quotes and escape sequences, producing output that could not be parsed as valid Yul.
* Yul EVM Code Transform: Improve stack shuffler performance by fixing a BFS deduplication issue.
* Parser: Fix a crash caused by invalid UTF-8 sequences in comments (including after inline assembly blocks). Such sequences now produce a proper error message instead.

> * Parser: Fix a crash caused by unhandled ``Token::Illegal`` at the top level of Solidity source and inside Yul ``parseStatement``. Invalid tokens now produce a fatal parser error with a descriptive message.
> * Standard JSON: Fix invalid UTF-8 bytes in ``formattedMessage`` when a source location excerpt contains invalid UTF-8. The field now falls back to the plain message in that case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parser: Fix a crash caused by unhandled `Token::Illegal` at the top level of Solidity source and inside Yul `parseStatement`. Invalid tokens now produce a fatal parser error with a descriptive message.
* Standard JSON: Fix invalid UTF-8 bytes in `formattedMessage` when a source location excerpt contains invalid UTF-8. The field now falls back to the plain message in that case.
```

Move all of them up before `Yul*` as entries should be in alphabetical order.

> * Parser: Fix a crash caused by invalid UTF-8 sequences in comments (including after inline assembly blocks). Such sequences now produce a proper error message instead.
> * Parser: Fix a crash caused by unhandled ``Token::Illegal`` at the top level of Solidity source and inside Yul ``parseStatement``. Invalid tokens now produce a fatal parser error with a descriptive message.
> * Standard JSON: Fix invalid UTF-8 bytes in ``formattedMessage`` when a source location excerpt contains invalid UTF-8. The field now falls back to the plain message in that case.

Reviewer 2: First, these entries are aimed at end users so whenever possible they should refer to language concepts and observable compiler behavior rather than implementation details like `Token::Illegal` or `parseStatement()`. Users will have no idea what that is.

Second, were illegal tokens actually crashing Solidity parser and `parseStatement()`? I checked a few of your test cases and none of them does that for me on 0.8.34. At least not on the CLI, but if it happens only in Standard JSON then it's still a part of the same bug with comments.

This is how I see the situation right now, please correct me if you think this is not accurate:

```suggestion
* Parser: Treat invalid UTF-8 sequences in comments and Natspec as errors. Such sequences used to be ignored and would cause a crash if they ended up inside JSON output.
* Parser: Fix inaccurate or vague error messages in errors triggered by invalid UTF-8 in comments.
* Standard JSON: Fix invalid UTF-8 bytes in the `formattedMessage` field of errors when a source location excerpt contains invalid UTF-8. The field now falls back to the plain message in that case.
```

Perhaps we should explicitly mention that it affected both Yul and Solidity too?

Also, the last one may have to be updated later since I think not only `formattedMessage` is affected.

Reviewer 2: You also don't have any tests covering the non-comment case. Or are the tests with strings meant to cover that? I expected to see at least one case similar to what you have with comments just with the invalid UTF-8 outside of a comment.

Author: I applied your changelog.

Author: I have now fixed this:

`You also don't have any tests covering the non-comment case. Or are the tests with strings meant to cover that? I expected to see at least one case similar to what you have with comments just with the invalid UTF-8 outside of a comment`

it shows up as `Invalid token`. I added 2 tests like this, one for yul, one for sol.

Notice that the system crashed before, that's not the case anymore.
